this is the big one in this review we're
looking at the AMD r3 3,300 X $120 CPU
but we're specifically interested in the
real-world impact of CC x2 CCX
communication and latency as opposed to
the 3100 which on paper looks like the
same CPU but actually they're not the
same so in addition to doing the normal
part of the review where we're looking
at everything including thermal power
and gaming performance and production
performance we're also looking at the
clock - clock benchmarks of a 3130 300 X
both at 4.4 gigahertz and in some
instances it's greater than 20%
difference between the two even though
everything else is the same
it's a 2+2 configuration for 1/4 plus 0
for the other and that's where we're
going to see the difference in today's
benchmarks before that this video is
brought to you by Corsairs hydro x water
cooling series of course our strength is
bringing water cooling to the masses and
it has built out cooling solutions with
industry leaders to help newcomers get
into open-loop cooling Corsair has
fittings adapters GP water blocks CPU
water blocks pump rise combos and
radiators all available in the hydro X
line as you can see in our footage these
kits can be used to build the beautiful
open loop systems
learn more at the link of the
description below as a bit of a teaser
to this one this is basically the new
and i-5 is enough for gaming if you
remember when everyone said that that's
what's happening now it's an r3 isn't up
for gaming the 3600 was already enough
for gaming to use that old Intel
phrasing that we and everyone else used
to use for the i-5 series but now it's
come down to the r 3s which are in some
ways similar to ice Evans of yore so it
makes sense and that's what we're gonna
be looking at if you want the 3100
review we have that in depth on the
channel already now we're going to the
3300 ex with all the extra benchmarks
there's too much data to talk about so
we're not gonna recap the specs here see
the 3100 review for that let's just get
straight into the numbers we need to
start by looking at however the
frequency behaves both so we understand
the product and so we can ensure that
AMD is correctly advertised in its
frequencies unlike initial launch
starting with a message heart of
Cinebench are 20 single-threaded
we can see the boosting behavior is as
expected single threads are reaching 4.3
gigahertz and taking turns doing so as
it's a single threaded workload the
pattern repeats twice and doesn't
exhibit any dips were unexpected the CPU
holds about 4300 megahertz
overall you can see the lines of C 1 T 0
spiked to about 42 89 megahertz
occasionally hitting 40 300 megahertz
which we count as accurate to the spec
if we plot the maximum single thread
frequency at any given second against
the 30 100 instead we end up with this
chart it's much more legible we're only
showing the max single frequency of all
given threads now and the 3300 X and
3100 both follow their boost
specification reasonably well we'll
start with total war three kingdoms and
its battle benchmark we'll use this as a
vessel to get an early understanding of
a wider range of CPUs and we'll plot
frame times in the next chart our next
game will be the division - which is
pretty heavily AMD favored in current
tests so that one also has a lot of
interesting data at 1080p high the AMD
r3 3300 ax stock CPU runs at 129 FPS
average with low is proportionately
spaced at 70 FPS and 63 fps 1% and 0.1%
low yo C pushes it to 129 FPS average so
there's no gain here and that's for two
reasons one the ceiling isn't too far
and the ceiling is lower for AMD than it
is for Intel due to some overhead as
illustrated by the 3,700 X and 3950 X to
the 3300 X already runs at 4.3 gigahertz
boost so 100 megahertz jump all core
doesn't change that much in scenarios
where it's already boosting at full
clocks comparatively the 3300 x stock
outperforms the 3100 stock by 24% which
might well be worth the $20 for many
people the 3100 OC versus 3300 x OC is
14% apart so the 3100 had more
overclocking Headroom to benefit from
well look at infinity fabric overclocked
in an upcoming piece as for Intel though
the 7700 case stock CPU runs at exactly
the same average FPS as the 3300 X stock
with frame time consistency also roughly
equivalent there within run to run
variants and neither is superior to the
other
the 7700 KOC - 5.1 gigahertz get today
tactical advantage across the board and
in tiles a 90 100 F is more competitive
against the 3100 in this game a ton
others but not overall and becomes less
significant in other titles as for the
1600 AF that's still an these biggest
competition with its new chips and it's
a part that Andy also happens to mate
here's a frame time plot for three
kingdoms battle this is the closest
empirical representation of player
expiry
that you can get as it shows the frame
to frame interval and illustrates the
time required to render each frame lower
is better and a flatline would be a
theoretical best while massive spikes
would be bad because those presents as
stutters to the player without vsync you
can't really get a flatline so the best
we look for is minimal excursions from
the previous or the next frame the 3,300
X plots lower in average frame time than
the 3100 expectedly and also produces a
higher FPS the greatest excursion from
the previous frame is about 6
milliseconds we typically see 8 to 12
milliseconds as being noticeable to most
players and the most interesting item on
the plot here is the 1600 AF although
the CPU underperforms in total frame
throughput an average FPS versus the
3300 x stock it is better than both in
frame consistency the line tightens up
without too many big excursions we see
two hits for about 8 milliseconds and so
we can postulate that the 1600 AFS
additional threads may help smooth out
the frames our frame interval those
bigger jumps in the 1600 AF chart do end
up averaging out to bring the lows down
a bit more but in terms of actual
experience as illustrated best by this
chart it is technically although perhaps
imperceptibly better the campaign
benchmark is next then shortly the
division 2 for something really
interesting for the campaign benchmark
at 1080p the 3300 x stock and OC results
are right on top of each other with no
difference outside of standard deviation
run to run 100 megahertz doesn't change
much in a game the 3300 x 1 24 FPS
average outperforms the 3192 FPS average
by 35% massively a market difference
that provides significant value for $20
extra overclocked in the 3100 closes
that gap 25 % OC to OC the 1600 AF
meanwhile runs ahead of the 3100 but
behind the 3300 by reduced margins stock
and overclocked the 3500 X is one of the
closest competitors but also largely
unavailable these days particularly in
the West as for Intel's competition the
7700 K from 2017 is outperformed by the
3300 accent both frame rate and to a
measurable but imperceptible degree
frame time 1% lows and 0.1% lows so the
consistency is a bit better on the other
chips the delta is 2.1 percent in favor
of AMD
the 7700 KOC to 5.1 gigahertz pushes it
passed both the 3300 ex entries in frame
rate with frame time consistency
comparable considering the original
price of the soviet 100k AMD has done
well to drag down the cost of an i7 or
an effective i7 to what Intel should be
selling them for now actually Intel sort
of will be doing that with its a three
fork or eight thread launch in short
order and we'll look at that when it's
out the division 2 is next using our
freshly updated set of tests on medium
this chart has fewer entries but we're
filling it and actively this one was
really interesting in our budget CPU
roundup and in the 3100 review and it's
because of the comparatively large Delta
between the 3100 the 1600 AF and the 90
100 F CPUs the 3100 out pays to the 90
100 F by 37 percent stock to stock
showing that this title in particular
benefits from the extra threads and has
performance to gain from AMD's approach
to CPU design the 3300 ex continues to
gain this time from higher boosting
frequencies stock and from reduced
latency and that puts it at 182 FPS
average versus the 149 FPS average of
the 3100 that's a 22% advantage over
clock in the 3100 and 3300 X reduces the
gap again to about 15% similar to other
results in this review the 3600 is a
relevant comparison as being somewhat
awkwardly outperformed by the cheaper
3300 X when it's overclocked or being
roughly equivalent when the 3300 X is
stock and E is running into a ceiling at
about 190 FPS average here whereas Intel
sealian is a little higher at 205 FPS
average due to the difference in GPU
processing or driver overhead the Saudis
have 100 K for reference is technically
outperformed by the 3300 X average and
is roughly equivalent in frame time
consistency but the 7700 calcio performs
both entries from Andy the next one is
Red Dead Redemption to which if it were
benchmarked against other benchmarks
would be the top pain-in-the-ass the
benchmark we test this one at 1080p
1440p dx12 volcn and with high and
medium settings the first chart is 1080p
volcn and high the 3300 x stock runs at
123 FPS average putting it right at the
limit of what this game even allows for
AMD frame rates and what it's capable of
because the GPU is so binding for this
title the intel frame rate is a bit
higher but not much at 131 FPS average
and so we're GPU bottlenecked and to
allow the CPUs enough room to breathe we
have to reduce to medium even that isn't
great illustrating the very real
struggle between showing a meaningful
CPU difference and showing a real-world
result but we'll look at that in a
moment this is the latter where it's not
helpful to compare CPU scaling by
percent because everything above 120 FPS
average is constrained but it is good to
show what happens in the real world when
your GPU bound which is what happens for
a lot of gamers the 3100 108 FPS average
result is outmatched by the 3,300 X by
about 15% in our 1080p high Vulcan chart
that we've had up but it likely be
higher if more room were allowed the
3300 X shows no gain and is within
variants of stock and bouncing off of
the ceiling here the Saudis 700 K has a
higher ceiling here and so is ahead of
both CPUs that AMD just launched let's
move on to the next chart here's the
medium tasked with DX 12 a different API
now so our performance behavior changes
the 3100 results hasn't really moved too
much since it's been CPU bound already
but the 3300 x stock result is now 114
FPS average with about the same on the
3300 x OC there within test variants of
each other and should be considered
identical here the Saudi 700 K
establishes the sealian of 126 FPS
average for Intel and it appears AMD is
likely limited to about 114 to 118 FPS
average in this version of the Red Dead
2 test otherwise we might see some
marginal advantage in the OC the 3300 X
outperforms the 3100 by about 14% the
9100 ave falls far behind at 84 FPS
average and probably shouldn't really be
considered as an alternative to these
although it's technically cheaper and it
has some may be other deployments for
1080p and high settings with DX 12 you
can see that the gap shrinks from the
14% we just witnessed to out the 3300 X
now shows as a performance limitation as
a result of bouncing off of the GPU
limit when it's fully CPU unconstrained
the 3300 X only leads at the 3100 stock
by 7.6 percent here at 107 fps to 97 FPS
average the OC doesn't do much for the
3300 X and the 1600 AF ends up running
between these two sets of results stock
and overclocked and is still one of the
best values available as for the 3600
that runs marginally higher in average
FPS but is about the same for
proportional frame timing consistent
see and this is again just a
demonstration that this isn't really a
valid CPU benchmark in so far as being
able to compare them in scaling because
you're not actually seeing the true
scaling of the maximum performance of
the CPU against each other what you're
seeing is the real-world scaling when we
are constrained by graphics in a new
highly intensive game on the GPU and
that really won't change too much until
the 3000 series comes out from Nvidia we
can skip red dead at 1440p as it'll
provide no value for the same reasons f1
2019 with dx12 running at 1080p is up
now the 3300 ex stock CPU gains nothing
from the overclock with both applauding
roughly the same and averages at 238 FPS
this is a round where all the other AMD
CPUs top out as well aside from the 39
50x at four point three gigahertz which
benefits from a 244 FPS average the 7700
K is stock CPU operates at 228 allowing
the 3300 X stock elite of 4.7% it so she
pushes to 245 FPS average establishing
that older Intel CPU OC headroom has
nothing to prove and remains as much of
a competitor as it pretty much always
was the 3100 stocks 189 FPS average
allowed the 3300 ax a lead of 26%
similar to total war vs it's cheaper
counterpart but the interesting point is
that the 3100 and 3300 acts both at 4.4
gigahertz does not equal the same frame
rate unlike the 3,600 3,600 X would do
and unlike the some of the older and the
CPUs 2,600 2,600 X the difference here
is that there's a latency impact on the
3100 versus the 3300 X and so you end up
with unequal performance at the same
frequency the 3300 X 4.4 gigahertz and
3100 4.4 results are 40 FPS average or
19% apart in favor of the $120 chip the
frame time performance also scales at
170 FPS 1% lows or it is 142 for the
3100 and the moral of the story is that
you shouldn't buy the 3100 with the
intent to just over Glock it's equal to
3300 X because AMD has caught on and it
can't be done
like you could have in the past with
some of the other CPUs here's the 1440
pf1 plot as expected the results are
crushed down to a more limited range the
3300 X stock and OC numbers now show
zero difference at all and the 3100
stock results 185 FPS average shows the
3300 x stock a lead of only
13% the 77 hard case doctor no see
results lead both CPUs and the 1600 AF
remains a good value solution if ever
again available for the MSRP of $85 as
with many of the game tests the 3300
acts didn't show much improvement in
shadow of the Tomb Raider with an all
core overclock plotted here but the
average did rise from 136 fps to 140 FPS
that brings it to about the same
performance as the stock r5 3600 Intel's
i3 9100 FL significantly below the rise
in parts though 98 FPS average overall
and 0.1% lows have been down to 54 fps
meanwhile even the stock 1600 AF managed
120 here this is one title where we see
reasonable scaling with thread count
contributing to the 36 hundreds
advantage Intel stock 77 hard k
meanwhile Falls neatly between the stock
and overclocked results for the 3300
acts while the 5.1 q Hertz overclocked
yet again pushes it well beyond the rest
of the pack at 148 FPS average the real
value competition here is between Andy's
new r3s
and the overclocked 1600 a app if not
then this is a title where the more
expensive 3300 X retains an advantage
over the 3100 even when overclocked
clock - clock the 3100 verse 30 300 X
results benefits leave 3300 X by a 15%
uplift despite looking like the same
thing on paper that's the latency at
play from the die layout change the
Civilization six benchmark averages the
completion time of five batches of AI
turns and we run the benchmark four
times to get an average of that average
the end result is consistent enough that
fractions of a second are significant so
although 35.6 second stock for the 3300
acts verse 35 point 3 overclocked isn't
particularly impressive it is a real
improvement the Sony 700k was
fractionally faster stock but pulled
significantly ahead at 5.1 gigahertz
averaging 32 point 6 seconds per turn a
more realistic comparison to an Intel
CPU that can actually be bought new in
2020 is the 9100 F which averaged 40
point 5 seconds per turn landing between
the stock 1600 AF and the 3100 Intel's
i3 can't be overclocked but and these
parts can and the 1600 a half and 3100
both land closer to 3300 X's numbers it
when pushed to 4.2 and 4.4 gigahertz all
core respectively but still a couple
seconds slower even overclocked to the
same frequency the 3300 x1 wins out over
30-100 here by a wide enough margin to
to make that extra $20 worth considering
its an 8% reduction at the same
frequency a vo seconds and SIV may not
mean much but the same performance gap
can be reflected elsewhere or in other
games the r5 3600 does outperform the
3300 acts with a thirty four point six
second average stock and thirty three
point nine second average when
overclocked so for this title andis
naming scheme holds up with the higher
end parts safely outperforming the lower
this is the final game benchmark before
going on to production
Grand Theft Auto hasn't responded
greatly to thread count increases since
the days and we were comparing four core
for thread I five to four core eight
thread I sevens and these brought us
back to those days though with the four
core eight thread 3000 series at the low
end and at stock the 3300 ex is just
slightly ahead of Intel 7700 K at 104
FPS average for is 102 FPS average with
nearly identical one percent in 0.1
percent lows while the four core for
thread 90 100 F lags behind at 95 FPS
average and the five point one gigahertz
7700 k result is far and away the best
of the cps were focusing on today at 111
FPS average so clearly the old Intel
chips had some more Headroom than modern
rising overclocking the 3300 X here only
brought us about one FPS increase in the
overall average
as the lightly threaded workload allows
the chip to stick close to its 4.3
gigahertz boost even without an
overclock the 1600 AF can't quite keep
up here falling victim to lower clock
speeds and only hitting 93 FPS average
when pushed to 4.2 gigahertz all core
and the 3100 follows a similar pattern
with an average a couple FPS higher
clock for clock the 3300 X holds an
eight point three percent lead over the
3100 at 4.4 gigahertz each the r5 3600
makes a more respectable showing it's as
unreactive to overclock you know as the
3300 X was in this test but the FPS
averages are 106 and 107 stock and OC
with an especially favorable 73 FPS 0.1%
low whenever clocks to four point three
gigahertz in the end all these averages
are fairly close together and even the
Intel 90 100 F is in the same FPS
ballpark as the other CPUs making it
technically one of the better bargains
for this ageing title but one that
shouldn't be considered for much of
anything else in these charts we can
finally move on to production and power
tests the first one is blender 2.8 one
with our GN monkeyhead benchmark and our
G
logo benchmark which are two in-house
design tests that stress the CPUs in
different ways threw it out any
hierarchical differences in the lineup
each thread is given one tile to render
so thread count scales significantly but
not quite linearly for this benchmark
starting with the monkey head render the
and the are three 3300 ex stock CPU
requires about 26 minutes to complete
the render as compared to the thirty one
hundred at twenty eight point eight
minutes that's a render time reduction
of eight point seven percent stock to
stock at the same clocks the 3100 falls
to 26 minutes render time a reduction
versus its stock result of nine point
four percent that puts it just behind
the same clock thirty three hundred x
with a thirty three hundred X reduced by
two point seven percent the latency here
is less important cross CCX
communication must be less common in
this application even still a two point
seven percent minimum Delta is good to
know about there may be value yet in the
3100 OC for lost latency sensitive
workloads like some non gaming
applications comparatively the 1600 AF
is still far better as a value purchase
than both of these it kicks their asses
at its $85 MSRP and it also kicks their
asses and its invisibility cloak in
device because people can't buy it
because it's never in stock the 7700 K
for comparison is outperforming the 3300
X when overclocked with a 24-minute
result but as being outperformed stocks
to stock with its 27 minutes scoring the
GM logo render takes longer to draw on
all of the CPUs but occasionally
shuffles the stack the 3300 X requires
30 few minutes to complete the render
marking it has functionally equivalent
to the 3500 X 9600 K and a bit ahead of
the 7700 K stock CPU the improvement
versus stock for the 3300 X is about an
eight point four percent reduction in
time required the 3100 OC to the 3300 x
OC is a 2.2 percent reduction in time
required so not a large gap given the
latency non sensitivity if you want good
tile-based rendering performance out of
CPU or if your jointly using the CPU and
the GPU for CUDA as blender more easily
allows these days then the 3600 would
offer the best value of all at 23
minutes stock that's a $50 jump in price
depending on the timing and may be worth
considering for professionals or regular
hobbyists for me
at 1080p is next the 3300 acts stock
finishes our 1080p 60 show floor video
and 5.9 minutes which is equal to the
3100 4.4 gigahertz OSE overclocked in
the 3300 x2 the same clocks allows it to
retain a 2.4 percent advantage
so again production applications
minimize the gap caused by latency that
we saw in gaming the 7700 K outperforms
all of these but runs similarly to the
3300 X while the 3600 stock of 4.9
minutes outperforms the 3300 X stock
with a 14% time reduction the 9600 K is
the closest current competitor but is
also irrelevant at $200 as it has been
largely since its launch our premiere
under at 4k 60 is next which is entirely
comprised of b-roll as sort of a demo
reel that one plants the 3300 X and 3100
disadvantage is more notably than before
as the workload gets heavier with this
one the gap widens the 3300 X doc CPU it
needs 18 point 8 minutes to render a bit
outpaced by the 3100 OC but similarly
outpacing the 20 point six minute result
of the Saudi 700 K and 20 point seven
minute result of the stock 3100
overclocking both of them puts the 3300
ax and a lead of 3.2 percent and the
3600 again has the best value overall
here Adobe Photoshop is next ever the
frequency happy production benchmark
that hardly notices thread scaling this
is with heavy user scenarios so that
include a lot of transforms like warps
or skews filters blend to fact some
layers blurs and similar functions the
3300 x stock scores 976 points which is
about equivalent to the ten nine eighty
x ii stocks for if you need an example
of why photoshop doesn't care about
threads that's a great one the 9900 k +
9700 K and 9600 K for that matter
disproportionately lead versus their
thread counts that's the nature of
Photoshop the 3300 XR C versus 3100 OCE
becomes more interesting and presents a
10% advantage from latency and layout
still if you're basically only using
Photoshop you should instead consider a
higher frequency part and likely from
Intel just wait for the 10 series on
that 1/7 of a compression and
decompression are up now the 3300 x
stock results for decompression is
50,000 mips or millions of instructions
per second which means the 51.3 k 3300 x
point four gigahertz results isn't
meaningfully improved the gain is about
2.5 percent the 3100 OC is with an error
of the 3,300 XOC in this test so we can
call them functionally equivalent and
note that the latency doesn't seem to
matter here these CPUs are all
outperform the subjects of 100 K aside
from the 3100 stock which is about equal
the 1600 AF has a significant lead at
fifty nine thousand maps and is most
nearest joined by Intel i7 CPUs
compression has the 3300 ex stock about
the same as the 3100 OC and the 3300 x
OC leading the 3300 x OC by about 0.7%
so there's again no difference and it's
within variation and error the 1600 AF
roughly ties the 3300 x OC when the AF
is stock while an overclock produces
minor gains the 3600 is far more
interesting at 56,000 mips but only if
budget allows here's chromium compiled
using clean CL and ninja on Windows code
compiles are wildly variable and
dependent upon environment OS and
especially the actual code base itself
so please remember that this doesn't
extrapolate against all code everywhere
just like one game doesn't extrapolate
against all games we'd basically need a
code compile section similar in length
of gaming's I fully understand it as a
good guide though chromium compile
requires 129 minutes on the overclocked
3300 X putting it just ahead of the 8700
K and for ahead of both 7700 K
references the reduction in time
required with a 4.4 gigahertz OC is
about 24 percent against the stock 3,300
X well the 3100 OC follows drastically
behind with its own 4.4 gigahertz
results latency really matters here
benefiting the 3,300 X by 24.6% time
reduced we also see that frequency
benefits the 3300 acts as it's 4.4
gigahertz eight thread result
outperforms that 1600 AF 12 thread 4.2
gigahertz results by 11% this marks
chromium compile as the most interesting
test of the production suite in terms of
latency sensitivity power testing is
among the last to charge for the 3300 x
we measure the EPS 12-volt cables
instead of at the wall so this is actual
CPU power not total system power this is
much more accurate and only misses out
on vrm efficiency losses using blender
after 5 minutes so after turbo duration
expiry the 3100 stock draws 50
oh it's 3,300 X dr.oz 71 watts and the
overclocked straw bout 71 watts were
both note that our overclock on the
3,300 X used a manual voltage tune so it
got lower than the motherboard was off
and running when stock and we were able
to push higher performance at last power
as a result the 3100 increased by 20
watts over stock and the 7700 K consumes
about 78 watts for this test with a 1600
AF at about 83 watts this power test
shows Cinebench are twenty multi
threaded which doesn't last that long
and expires within turbo limits for
these Intel CPUs the only real change
here is in the Intel part for the
shorter test you'll notice the 9900 K
runs at 155 watts rather than about 90
for the previous test and this is
accompanied by the 9700 K moving from
the 90s 213 watts that's higher power
consumption obviously but it's also
expected with an Intel spec which states
that pl/1 p l2 windows and tau all set a
limit for what the turbo boosting is
allowed to do and for how long and our
20s within that finally for a quick
thermal reference we plotted the stock
performance with Auto voltage on the XY
Sony master this is using an NZXT kraken
X 62 standardized cooler at Mac's pump
and fan speeds on each CPU and when we
show the overclocked numbers in a moment
that will be with a manually controlled
voltage running blender until steady
state is held is how we're taking the
measurement we have a full CPU cooler
test bench if you'd like additional
information on thorough performance but
we've simplified it for this coverage
the am the r3 3300 acts quickly wraps
and hits about 74 degrees t die that's
not our usual Delta over ambient number
just the measured temperature ambience
for the test room is about 21 to 22
degrees Celsius and that's held for this
test for about 20 watts more than 3,100
these numbers make sense the r3 3100
plots about 64 degrees Celsius the two
ADC LC helps maintaining those higher
boost clocks with precision boost -
that's also why we use it in all testing
except the h EDT adding the 3300 X I was
seen in this chart we ended up at about
79 degrees Celsius this was with as low
of a voltage as we could tuned for the
part so about 1.3 for 3 volts set and
you can see the get voltage in the power
chart but to go to a 4.5 gigahertz would
at this point require an exponential
voltage increase that would not be
sustainable for daily operation
concluding this massive paper is on the
table then from the last two reviews
we've done the 3300 X is a good CPU at
$120 we can
recommend it for budget builds and the
counters we would provide would be the
1600 af if you can find it at $85 and
you're thinking of building another
computer at some point with around that
level of capability you should buy that
CPU because Andy is still trying to
restock them right now they'll make them
more or less until the supply runs out
of that node and the scalpers are still
going to keep buying them because the
reviews were so positive they buy them
for $85 there's no inventory then you
mark them up so if you can get an 80 at
1608 for $85 you should do that but in
most cases you won't be able to the 3300
X is extremely competitive it over
clocks really not that well in terms of
the all core performance you're not
going to get a lot out of it
but that's where infinity fabric and
that kind of tuning comes in we'll have
a different video on that with streams
you can check back for the 3600 is the
other point of consideration at about a
hundred seventeen hundred eighty dollars
right now in the u.s. that's worth the
$50 for people who are going to be doing
more multi-threaded workloads like
production benchmarks that we've
provided today and you may get some
value out of it there but just for
gaming the r3 3300 X is enough it
provides sufficient value over the 3100
to justify the X for $20 you often get
more than one percentage point
improvement for one dollar spent if you
want to look at it that way so it's
really not a bad value but the 3100 ends
up being more limited by its CCX layout
than anything once you get into
overclocking because the clocks just
can't as easily make up the difference
where they otherwise would be able to so
Andy's caught on and it also helps with
their yields which is probably more of
the reason why they did it so anyway
Intel needs something in this price
bracket but it currently has nothing it
just genuinely doesn't have a competitor
right now at this price point close as
you get a stuff with iGPS and you're
spending money for stuff that a lot of
people are going to use and then you
might as well look at the and the APU
stuff anyway so that's it for this one
we're gonna cut it short because the
video is too long already subscribe for
more check back for the infinite fabric
overclocking content and the streams
following go to store documents nexus
net to support long for this or
patreon.com slash gamers and access
subscribe for more we'll see you all
next time
[Music]